docs: Add backend plugin migration guide (#15826)
backstage/backstage: docs/backend-system/building-plugins-and-modules/08-migrating.md

  id: 'kubernetes',
  register(env) {
    env.registerInit({
      deps: {
        logger: coreServices.logger,
        config: coreServices.config,
        catalogApi: catalogServiceRef,
        discovery: coreServices.discovery,
        // The http router service is used to register the router created by the KubernetesBuilder.
        http: coreServices.httpRouter,
      },
      async init({ config, logger, catalogApi, discovery, http }) {
        const { router } = await KubernetesBuilder.createBuilder({
          config,
          logger,
          catalogApi,
          discovery,
        }).build();

        // We registered the router with the http service.
        http.use(router);
      },
    });
  },
});
```

Done! Users of this plugin are now able to import the `kubernetesPlugin` and register it in their backend using

```ts
// packages/backend/src/index.ts
import { kubernetesPlugin } from '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-backend';
backend.add(kubernetesPlugin);
```

There's one thing missing that those sharp eyed readers might have noticed, the `clusterSupplier` option is missing from the original plugin. Let's add it and discuss the alternatives.

> One alternative is pass the `ClusterSupplier` in as options to the plugin which is quick and easy but not very flexible and hard to evolve without introducing breaking changes as it changes the public API for the plugin. Having complex types passed in directly to the plugin also clutters the backend setup code and makes it harder to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One alternative is to pass the `ClusterSupplier` in as options to the plugin, which is quick and easy but not very flexible, and also hard to evolve without introducing breaking changes as it changes the public API for the plugin. Having complex types passed in directly to the plugin also clutters the backend setup code and makes it harder to read.
```

> Options are primarily used for simple configuration values that are not complex types. In this case we want to allow users to register their own `ClusterSupplier` implementations to the plugin. This is where the new backend system's [ExtensionPoints](fixme.md) but let's look at doing this with options first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options are primarily used for simple configuration values that are not complex types. In this case we want to allow users to register their own `ClusterSupplier` implementations to the plugin. This is where the new backend system's [extension points](fixme.md) come in handy, but let's look at doing this with options first.
```

also, fixme

```ts
/* omitted imports but they remain the same as above */

export interface KubernetesOptions {
  clusterSupplier?: KubernetesClustersSupplier;
}

const kubernetesPlugin = createBackendPlugin((options: KubernetesOptions) => ({
  id: 'kubernetes',
  register(env) {
    env.registerInit({
      deps: {

>         /* omitted imports but they remain the same as above */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        /* omitted dependencies but they remain the same as above */
```

      },
      async init({ config, logger, catalogApi, discovery, http }) {
        const { router } = await KubernetesBuilder.createBuilder({
          config,
          logger,
          catalogApi,
          discovery,
        })

>           .setClusterSupplier(options.clusterSupplier)

Reviewer: OH LOOK IT'S FLUENT

Author: WOW MUCH JAVA!

Reviewer 2: Yep it's a good thing fluent interfaces exist so that you don't have to deal with the lack of object literals in Java, which otherwise clearly is the superior pattern.

          .build();
        http.use(router);
      },
    });
  },
}));
```

The above would allow users to specify their own `ClusterSupplier` implementation to the plugin like this:

```ts
backend.add(
  kubernetesPlugin({ clusterSupplier: new MyCustomClusterSupplier() }),
);
```

> Just to echo what was said above, this is not a very flexible solution and will for example be problematic to maintain backwards compatible if we start evolving the options to for example accept multiple suppliers or tweak the `ClusterSupplier` interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just to echo what was said above, this is not a very flexible solution and will for example be problematic to keep backwards compatible if we start evolving the options to for example accept multiple suppliers or tweak the `ClusterSupplier` interface.
```

> The new [ExtensionPoints](fixme.md) API allows [Modules](fixme) to add function into the backend plugin itself, in this case an additional `ClusterSupplier`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new [extension points](fixme.md) API allows [modules](fixme) to add functionality into the backend plugin itself, in this case an additional `ClusterSupplier`.
```

also fixme

The kubernetes backend plugin only supports one `ClusterSupplier` at this time but let's look at how we could add support for multiple suppliers using extension points. This allows users to install several modules that add their own `ClusterSupplier` implementations to the plugin like this:

```ts
backend.add(kubernetesPlugin());

> backend.add(GoogleContainerEngineModule());
> backend.add(EKSModule());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backend.add(googleContainerEngineModule());
backend.add(ekSModule());
```

also see ongoing discussion on how to best name these (especially in examples), let's keep it like this for now but maybe it could have the word Kubernetes in there just to clarify

```

> Now let's look at how to implement this with extension points. First we need to define the extension point itself. As the ExtensionPoint will be used by other modules we need to export its common practice to export these from a shared package so that they can be imported by other modules and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's look at how to implement this with extension points. First we need to define the extension point itself. As the extension point will be used by other modules, it's common practice to export these from a shared package so that they can be imported by other modules and plugins.
```

We'll go ahead and create a `@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-node` package for this and from there we'll export the extension point.

```ts
import { createExtensionPoint } from '@backstage/backend-plugin-api';

export interface KubernetesClusterSupplierExtensionPoint {
  addClusterSupplier(supplier: KubernetesClustersSupplier): void;
}

/**

>  * An extension point that allows other plugins to add catalog processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * An extension point that allows other plugins to add cluster suppliers.
```

 * @public
 */

> export const kubernetesClustersSupplierExtensionPoint =

Reviewer: note that it's clusteR in some instances here and clusteRS in some (plural)

  createExtensionPoint<KubernetesClusterSupplierExtensionPoint>({

>     id: 'kubernetes.cluster-supplier',

Reviewer 3: +1

I've referred to https://backstage.io/docs/plugins/composability#naming-patterns so many times!

  });
```

> Now we can use this extension point in the kubernetes backend plugin to register the ExtensionPoint for modules to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can use this extension point in the kubernetes backend plugin to register the extension point for modules to use.
```

```ts
import { kubernetesClustersSupplierExtensionPoint } from '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-node';

> // Our internal implementation of the extensionPoint which we do not need to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Our internal implementation of the extension point, should not be exported.
```

class ClusterSupplier implements KubernetesClustersSupplier {
  private clusterSuppliers: KubernetesClustersSupplier[] = [];

  // This method is private and only used internally to retrieve the registered suppliers.
  getClusterSuppliers(): KubernetesClustersSupplier[] {
    return this.clusterSuppliers;
  }

  addClusterSupplier(supplier: KubernetesClustersSupplier) {
    this.clusterSuppliers.push(supplier);
  }
}

export const kubernetesPlugin = createBackendPlugin({
  id: 'kubernetes',
  register(env) {
    const extensionPoint = new ClusterSupplier();

>     // We register the extensionPoint with the backend which allows modules to register their own ClusterSupplier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // We register the extension point with the backend, which allows modules to
    // register their own ClusterSupplier.
```

    env.registerExtensionPoint(
      kubernetesClustersSupplierExtensionPoint,
      extensionPoint,
    );

    env.registerInit({
      deps: {
        ... omitted ...
      },
      async init({ config, logger, catalogApi, discovery, http }) {
        const { router } = await KubernetesBuilder.createBuilder({
          config,
          logger,
          catalogApi,
          discovery,
        })
          // We pass in the all the registered suppliers to the builder.

>           .setClusterSuppliers(...extensionPoint.getClusterSuppliers())

Reviewer 2: This is `setClusterSupplier` in the existing implementation, you can only have one. I'm thinking it would be fine to highlight that pattern, and basically throw an error if multiple modules try to set their own cluster suppliers?

Author: yeah I can do that instead 👍

          .build();
        http.use(router);
      },
    });
  },
});
```

And that's it! Modules can now be built that add clusters into to the kubernetes backend plugin, here's an example of a module that adds a `GoogleContainerEngineSupplier` to the kubernetes backend.

```ts
import { kubernetesClustersSupplierExtensionPoint } from '@backstage/plugin-kubernetes-node';

> export const kubernetesGKEClusterSupplier = createBackendModule({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const kubernetesGkeClusterSupplier = createBackendModule({
```

  pluginId: 'kubernetes',

>   moduleId: 'gce.supplier',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  moduleId: 'gke.supplier',
```
